Flush out docs for updating TPLs: Part 1 (#735)
LLNL/axom: src/docs/sphinx/dev_guide/testing.rst

Running Tests and Examples
============================

> Axom examples and tests can be run in multiple different ways using the make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Axom examples and tests can be run in different ways. For example, you can run all tests via the command ``make test``.  Alternatively, you can run each test individually by manually running its executable.
```
